I had the best gunner in the entire
ninth Army and se now I got you I
started this war killing Germans in
Africa now I'm killing Germans in German
I promised my crew a long time ago I
keep them alive why are you here he
kills you when you kill him I need you
perform you can't do it this is all
what happened back there
that's every day don't get too close to
anyone
you see this right here that is your
heart you are going to have one great
love in your life
secure the crossroads you to get by it
we're all the dead in the water
oh we got is you ain't no crew stayed
together like we have that's causing him
no it's late for us
they're coming how many 300 of them the
tanks busted wait never run before why
we gonna run now I'm gonna hold this
crossroad what are you doing it's my
whole staying-in with you
right about
I scared I'm scared too
you